keyboards/planck/rev6_drop/keymaps/cblnco/readme.md, before:

```
  /$$$$$$  /$$       /$$   /$$ /$$$$$$$          /$$   /$$  /$$$$$$        /$$$$$$$  /$$        /$$$$$$  /$$   /$$  /$$$$$$  /$$   /$$
 /$$__  $$| $$      | $$  /$$/| $$__  $$        | $$  | $$ /$$__  $$      | $$__  $$| $$       /$$__  $$| $$$ | $$ /$$__  $$| $$  /$$/
| $$  \ $$| $$      | $$ /$$/ | $$  \ $$        | $$  | $$| $$  \ $$      | $$  \ $$| $$      | $$  \ $$| $$$$| $$| $$  \__/| $$ /$$/ 
| $$  | $$| $$      | $$$$$/  | $$$$$$$  /$$$$$$| $$$$$$$$|  $$$$$$/      | $$$$$$$/| $$      | $$$$$$$$| $$ $$ $$| $$      | $$$$$/  
| $$  | $$| $$      | $$  $$  | $$__  $$|______/|_____  $$ >$$__  $$      | $$____/ | $$      | $$__  $$| $$  $$$$| $$      | $$  $$  
| $$  | $$| $$      | $$\  $$ | $$  \ $$              | $$| $$  \ $$      | $$      | $$      | $$  | $$| $$\  $$$| $$    $$| $$\  $$ 
|  $$$$$$/| $$$$$$$$| $$ \  $$| $$$$$$$/              | $$|  $$$$$$/      | $$      | $$$$$$$$| $$  | $$| $$ \  $$|  $$$$$$/| $$ \  $$
 \______/ |________/|__/  \__/|_______/               |__/ \______/       |__/      |________/|__/  |__/|__/  \__/ \______/ |__/  \__/
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                      
```
# Planck Rev. 6 from Massdrop

This is my personal Keymap for the Planck Rev. 6

Commit message:

updated keymap with latest qmk conventions

keyboards/planck/rev6_drop/keymaps/cblnco/readme.md, after:

```
 _______   __                                __              _______                               ______  
|       \ |  \                              |  \            |       \                             /      \ 
| $$$$$$$\| $$  ______   _______    _______ | $$   __       | $$$$$$$\  ______  __     __        |  $$$$$$\
| $$__/ $$| $$ |      \ |       \  /       \| $$  /  \      | $$__| $$ /      \|  \   /  \       | $$___\$$
| $$    $$| $$  \$$$$$$\| $$$$$$$\|  $$$$$$$| $$_/  $$      | $$    $$|  $$$$$$\\$$\ /  $$       | $$    \ 
| $$$$$$$ | $$ /      $$| $$  | $$| $$      | $$   $$       | $$$$$$$\| $$    $$ \$$\  $$        | $$$$$$$\
| $$      | $$|  $$$$$$$| $$  | $$| $$_____ | $$$$$$\       | $$  | $$| $$$$$$$$  \$$ $$__       | $$__/ $$
| $$      | $$ \$$    $$| $$  | $$ \$$     \| $$  \$$\      | $$  | $$ \$$     \   \$$$|  \       \$$    $$
 \$$       \$$  \$$$$$$$ \$$   \$$  \$$$$$$$ \$$   \$$       \$$   \$$  \$$$$$$$    \$  \$$        \$$$$$$ 
                                                               
```
# OLKB-48 Planck Rev. 6 from Massdrop

This is my personal Keymap for the Planck Rev. 6

You can compile this keymap locally with QMK by running the following command:

```sh
qmk compile -kb planck/rev6_drop -km cblnco
```

Check [qmk.fm](https://qmk.fm/) to know more about this firmware.
